hey this is young Thomas 154 okay today
I'm going to show you how you won just
one of the ways or one of the sites you
can download free software for mac and
windows the sites for Mac Windows Phone
ya know everything really okay i'll give
you a link to this a slice in my
description but the site is it's pretty
easy it's called download com so that
sexy dub dub dub that way combat I will
do the Devlin done for you and I work
and well it's dusty look at sea looks a
windows the top software software for
our windows on the site most popular
downloads and then for Mac the most
popular downloads in theirs mobile hmm
yeah cell phones yep pretty cool and
also web where got that Oh like free
miss it's free SMS have a look at that
one look so yeah if you say you just
want no then you just like then yeah
they're pretty easy download so you have
to do is ur but i'm using a mac solder
sir i'll show you a test on a mac so on
the download limewire click on it and
it's pretty hard to miss big download
now on there and we'll say thank you
download better then fr it doesn't come
up with thank you for downloading and a
few seconds like my lungs not coming up
then you just click here and it will try
it again with a different mirror and oh
it's just loading better you get the
point so uh yeah format can't just come
up with that save file that's download
let's clear all that
don't you see what I've been downloading
do you okay yeah what so this has been
Thomas Young x 15 ball and you know it's
just an easy so subscribe if you were
like these videos and just leave me a
comment if you want me to show you how
to do other things on your computer I
will touch here's be anything so thank
you for watching and yeah